Project 1: Building KaiOS on top Linux kernel and Android Framework for JIO Feature Phones using ARM Based SoC.
COMPANY: Votary Softech Solutions, Hyderabad (Reliance ODC)
Hardware Platform : Qualcomm MSM8905 Chipset ( ARM-Cortex A Series Processor)
Platform: Linux, Android, KaiOS
Tools Used: GIT, Repo, Make, Linux Device Drivers
Languages : C, C++, and LSP.
Customer Electronic Devices: Feature Phone Models: F30C, F90M, F300B, F120, And F120B
Description:
Developing and integrating the updates coming from KaiOS and Qualcomm specific to Vendor Devices from
Reliance JIO. We are providing the long term support for reliance jio feature phones to resolve the issue specific
to devices for all prospective, we need to generate the build and verify the updated features from verification team
and generate the FOTA which need to be submitted to Reliance team.
Roles & Responsibilities:

Bootloader (LK Bootloader) and Recovery Code Development.
Customization of Boot Up, Boot-Down Screen, Adding Boot Animation as per UI Specification.
In charge of firmware deployment in production, flashing tools (QFIL, QFlash) & software validation.
Updating the MMI Test App as per Target Device.
Implement New Features and Resolve various issues reported by VIT Team / Internal Team.
Getting the offline FOTA and online FOTA generated and verified.
Develops software documentation.
Develops test plans for product verification. Assists test department for test procedures creation.

..................................................................................................................
UPdated by me

Project Name : Porting/Update KaiOS on top Linux kernel and Android  Framework  for Feature Phones using ARM Based SoC. (Kailash given to me)
Project Name : Building KaiOS on top of Android Framework, Linux Device Drivers for JIO Feature Phones. (Deepika shared me)
•	Bootloader (LK Bootloader) and Recovery Code Development.
•	Worked on Rooted app issue.
•	Worked on User Agent String Issue
•	Worked on uniform key sequence in F120B and F90M devices
•	Worked on FDR Battery Issue.
•	Worked on LCD, Keypad flickering  MMI Issue.
•	Worked on Boot-time optimization of ODM devices.
•	Implement new features and resolve various issues reported by team .
•	Develops software documentation.

